lib/promscrape: fix the problem with scrape work duplicates when file_sd_config can't be read (#4027)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: allow using dashes and dots in environment variables names referred in config files via `%{ENV-VAR.SYNTAX}`. See [these docs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#environment-variables) and [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3999).
* BUGFIX: return back query performance scalability on hosts with big number of CPU cores. The scalability has been reduced in [v1.86.0](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/CHANGELOG.html#v1860). See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3966).
* BUGFIX: [MetricsQL](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/MetricsQL.html): properly convert [VictoriaMetrics historgram buckets](https://valyala.medium.com/improving-histogram-usability-for-prometheus-and-grafana-bc7e5df0e350) to Prometheus histogram buckets when VictoriaMetrics histogram contain zero buckets. Previously these buckets were ignored, and this could lead to missing Prometheus histogram buckets after the conversion. Thanks to @zklapow for [the fix](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/4021).

> * BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmgent.html): fix resource usage by vmagent when file_sd_config can't be read. See [this_issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3989).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmgent.html): fix CPU and memory usage spikes when files pointed by [file_sd_config](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/sd_configs.html#file_sd_configs) cannot be re-read. See [this_issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3989).
```
